# ServiceSpec

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cluster_ip** | **str** | clusterIP is the IP address of the service and is usually assigned randomly by the master. If an address is specified manually and is not in use by others, it will be allocated to the service; otherwise, creation of the service will fail. This field can not be changed through updates. Valid values are \&quot;None\&quot;, empty string (\&quot;\&quot;), or a valid IP address. \&quot;None\&quot; can be specified for headless services when proxying is not required. Only applies to types ClusterIP, NodePort, and LoadBalancer. Ignored if type is ExternalName. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#virtual-ips-and-service-proxies +optional | [optional] 
**external_i_ps** | **list[str]** | externalIPs is a list of IP addresses for which nodes in the cluster will also accept traffic for this service.  These IPs are not managed by Kubernetes.  The user is responsible for ensuring that traffic arrives at a node with this IP.  A common example is external load-balancers that are not part of the Kubernetes system. +optional | [optional] 
**external_name** | **str** | externalName is the external reference that kubedns or equivalent will return as a CNAME record for this service. No proxying will be involved. Must be a valid RFC-1123 hostname (https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc1123) and requires Type to be ExternalName. +optional | [optional] 
**external_traffic_policy** | [**ServiceExternalTrafficPolicyType**](ServiceExternalTrafficPolicyType.md) |  | [optional] 
**health_check_node_port** | **int** | healthCheckNodePort specifies the healthcheck nodePort for the service. If not specified, HealthCheckNodePort is created by the service api backend with the allocated nodePort. Will use user-specified nodePort value if specified by the client. Only effects when Type is set to LoadBalancer and ExternalTrafficPolicy is set to Local. +optional | [optional] 
**ip_family** | [**IPFamily**](IPFamily.md) |  | [optional] 
**load_balancer_ip** | **str** | Only applies to Service Type: LoadBalancer LoadBalancer will get created with the IP specified in this field. This feature depends on whether the underlying cloud-provider supports specifying the loadBalancerIP when a load balancer is created. This field will be ignored if the cloud-provider does not support the feature. +optional | [optional] 
**load_balancer_source_ranges** | **list[str]** | If specified and supported by the platform, this will restrict traffic through the cloud-provider load-balancer will be restricted to the specified client IPs. This field will be ignored if the cloud-provider does not support the feature.\&quot; More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/access-application-cluster/configure-cloud-provider-firewall/ +optional | [optional] 
**ports** | [**list[ServicePort]**](ServicePort.md) | The list of ports that are exposed by this service. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#virtual-ips-and-service-proxies +patchMergeKey&#x3D;port +patchStrategy&#x3D;merge +listType&#x3D;map +listMapKey&#x3D;port +listMapKey&#x3D;protocol | [optional] 
**publish_not_ready_addresses** | **bool** | publishNotReadyAddresses indicates that any agent which deals with endpoints for this Service should disregard any indications of ready/not-ready. The primary use case for setting this field is for a StatefulSet&#39;s Headless Service to propagate SRV DNS records for its Pods for the purpose of peer discovery. The Kubernetes controllers that generate Endpoints and EndpointSlice resources for Services interpret this to mean that all endpoints are considered \&quot;ready\&quot; even if the Pods themselves are not. Agents which consume only Kubernetes generated endpoints through the Endpoints or EndpointSlice resources can safely assume this behavior. +optional | [optional] 
**selector** | **dict(str, str)** | Route service traffic to pods with label keys and values matching this selector. If empty or not present, the service is assumed to have an external process managing its endpoints, which Kubernetes will not modify. Only applies to types ClusterIP, NodePort, and LoadBalancer. Ignored if type is ExternalName. More info: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/ +optional | [optional] 
**session_affinity** | [**ServiceAffinity**](ServiceAffinity.md) |  | [optional] 
**session_affinity_config** | [**SessionAffinityConfig**](SessionAffinityConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**topology_keys** | **list[str]** | topologyKeys is a preference-order list of topology keys which implementations of services should use to preferentially sort endpoints when accessing this Service, it can not be used at the same time as externalTrafficPolicy&#x3D;Local. Topology keys must be valid label keys and at most 16 keys may be specified. Endpoints are chosen based on the first topology key with available backends. If this field is specified and all entries have no backends that match the topology of the client, the service has no backends for that client and connections should fail. The special value \&quot;*\&quot; may be used to mean \&quot;any topology\&quot;. This catch-all value, if used, only makes sense as the last value in the list. If this is not specified or empty, no topology constraints will be applied. +optional | [optional] 
**type** | [**ServiceType**](ServiceType.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


